Doc that Init is not required if you use the contract API (#1127)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/chaincode4ade.rst

proposals. This method allows you to use the chaincode to read and write data on
the channel ledger.

If you use the low level APIs provided by the Fabric Chaincode Shim API,
you need to include an ``Init`` method in your chaincode that will serve as the

> initialization function. You can use this method to implement logic that is required

Reviewer: Mention that while Init must be defined, it can be a noop.

> initialization function. This method needs to be called in order to initialize
> your chaincode when it is started or upgraded. By default, this function is never

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
initialization function. You can use this method to implement logic required to initialize
your chaincode when it is started or upgraded. By default, this function is never
```

Reviewer 2: I'm ok merging without this change, but I don't like the use of the word `needs`.  While you need to implement this to satisfy the interface, you can no-op it and it's not required to actually implement any real logic

Author: @mastersingh24 Good suggestion. Done.

> executed. However, you can use the chaincode definition to request the execution

Reviewer: "request the execution" makes it sound like Init will be called automatically.
Mention that the definition indicates whether Init must be called by a user, after the definition has been committed, but before regular Invokes.

Also, clarify that init-required is applicable only when the 'version' increments in the definition.

of the ``Init`` function. If you are using the Fabric contract API, you do not need
to include an ``Init`` method in your chaincode. The chaincode can be initialized
by calling any function in the chaincode, and the ``Init`` function will be called in
the background.

If you request the execution of the ``Init`` function, fabric will ensure

> that ``Init`` is invoked before any other function and is only invoked once.

Reviewer 3: fabric -> Fabric

Author: Done

proposals. This method allows you to use the chaincode to read and write data on
the channel ledger.

> If you use the low level APIs provided by the Fabric Chaincode Shim API, you need
> to include an ``Init`` method in your chaincode that will serve as the initialization
> function. This function is required by the chaincode interface, but does not
> need to invoked by your applications. The chaincode will start and be ready to use
> after the chanced definition is committed to the channel, without the ``Init`` function
> being called. However, you can request that ``Init`` become an executable function.
> Fabric will ensure that the ``Init`` function is invoked before any other function
> in the chaincode and is only invoked once. Requesting the execution of the ``Init``
> function allows you to implement logic that is run when the chaincode is initialized.
> You will need to call ``Init`` to initialize the chaincode every time the
> chaincode is started or upgraded.
> 
> You can use the chaincode definition to request the execution of the ``Init``
> function by using the ``--init-required`` flag. You can then call the ``Init``
> function by using the ``peer chaincode invoke`` command and passing the ``--isInit``
> flag. For more information, see :doc:`chaincode_lifecycle`.
> 
> If you are using the Fabric contract API, you do not need to include an ``Init``
> method in your chaincode. If you use the ``--init-required`` flag to request the
> that the chaincode be initialized by a call from your applications, you can
> initialize the chaincode by calling any function in the chaincode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the low level APIs provided by the Fabric Chaincode Shim API, you need
to include an ``Init`` method in your chaincode that will serve as the initialization
function. This function is required by the chaincode interface, but does not
necessarily need to invoked by your applications. When you define your chaincode on a channel,
you can specify whether ``Init`` must be called prior to Invokes. If you specify that ``Init`` is required,
Fabric will ensure that the ``Init`` function is invoked before any other function
in the chaincode and is only invoked once. Requesting the execution of the ``Init``
function allows you to implement logic that is run when the chaincode is initialized,
for example to set some initial state.
You will need to call ``Init`` to initialize the chaincode every time you increment the version
of a chaincode, assuming the chaincode definition that increments the version indicates that ``Init`` is required.

If using the Fabric peer CLI, when approving and committing the chaincode definition, you can use the
``--init-required`` flag to indicate that ``Init`` must be called for the new chaincode version.
To call ``Init`` using the Fabric peer CLI, use the ``peer chaincode invoke`` command and pass the ``--isInit``
flag. For more information, see :doc:`chaincode_lifecycle`.

If you are using the Fabric contract API, you do not need to include an ``Init``
method in your chaincode. If you use the ``--init-required`` flag to request the
that the chaincode be initialized by a call from your applications, you can
initialize the chaincode by calling any function in the chaincode.
```

Reviewer: I'm suggesting some edits to the first two paragraphs.

Concerning the 3rd paragraph, I actually don't understand how the contract API works in this regard. Does the contract API somehow indicate which of the functions serves the Init purpose?

Author: Good edits. I added them to the paragraphs in question. I also provide more detail about the Fabric contract API and the ``init-required`` behavior.

proposals. This method allows you to use the chaincode to read and write data on
the channel ledger.

If you use the low level APIs provided by the Fabric Chaincode Shim API, you need
to include an ``Init`` method in your chaincode that will serve as the initialization
function. This function is required by the chaincode interface, but does not
necessarily need to invoked by your applications. When you define your chaincode
on a channel, you can specify whether ``Init`` must be called prior to Invokes.
If you specify that ``Init`` is required, Fabric will ensure that the ``Init``
function is invoked before any other function in the chaincode and is only invoked
once. Requesting the execution of the ``Init`` function allows you to implement
logic that is run when the chaincode is initialized, for example to set some
initial state. You will need to call ``Init`` to initialize the chaincode every
time you increment the version of a chaincode, assuming the chaincode definition
that increments the version indicates that ``Init`` is required.

If you are using the Fabric peer CLI, you can use the ``--init-required`` flag

> when your approve and committ the chaincode definition to indicate that the ``Init``

Reviewer: commit

> function must be called to initialize the new chaincode version. To call ``Init`

Reviewer: ``Init`` should have two backticks.

Author: done.

 using the Fabric peer CLI, use the ``peer chaincode invoke`` command and pass the
``--isInit`` flag. For more information, see :doc:`chaincode_lifecycle`.

If you are using the Fabric contract API, you do not need to include an ``Init``
method in your chaincode. However, you can still use the ``--init-required`` flag
to request that the chaincode be initialized by a call from your applications.
You will need to pass the ``--isInit`` flag or parameter to a chaincode call

> in order to initialize the chaincode every time you increment the chaincode version.

Reviewer: (if Init is required)

Author: Going to say "If you passed the `--init-required` flag to be super clear.

> However, you can pass ``--isInit`` and initialize the chaincode using any function

Reviewer: 'However' doesn't seem like the correct way to start this sentence.

Author: done.

proposals. This method allows you to use the chaincode to read and write data on
the channel ledger.

You also need to include an ``Init`` method in your chaincode that will serve as
the initialization function. This function is required by the chaincode interface,
but does not necessarily need to invoked by your applications. You can use the
Fabric chaincode lifecycle process to specify whether the ``Init`` function must
be called prior to Invokes. For more information, refer to the initialization

> parameter in the `Approving a chaincode definition <https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/{BRANCH}/chaincode_lifecycle.html#step-three-approve-a-chaincode-definition-for-your-organization>`__

Author: Unfortunately relative links are not supported in rst (or at least not common that I could find them easily. This is a work around, but will only work until after the PR is merged (so the build will still have the old doc)

Reviewer 4: [It looks like this might work](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3630386/insert-relative-link-in-restructuredtext)?

Author: Sorry, I meant a relative link that goes to a header. But it looks like you can do that too! (I forgot somehow. I updated the PR with that.
